docs: Adding extra charts and customisations to Plotly cookbook. (#150)
best-practice-and-impact/afcharts-py: src/afcharts/cookbook/03-plotly-usage.qmd

</div>
<div class="chart-source">Source: Gapminder</div>
<div class="chart-alt" id="barchart-stack-desc">

> This stacked bar chart uses the afcharts theme and shows the proportions of countries with a life expectancy over and under 75 by continent. The continents are listed along the x axis, with the y axis labelled between 0% and 100%. The colours for the bar segments are from the main Analysis Function palette - dark blue for under 75 and orange for over 75, denoted by a legend at the bottom of the chart. There is whitespace between each bar.

Reviewer: Could you please change references to the "main" AF palette to a specific palette, here and throughout the Plotly and Matplotlib sections. These are hangovers from the R package. E.g.

```suggestion
This stacked bar chart uses the afcharts theme and shows the proportions of countries with a life expectancy over and under 75 by continent. The continents are listed along the x axis, with the y axis labelled between 0% and 100%. The colours for the bar segments are from the duo palette - dark blue for under 75 and orange for over 75, denoted by a legend at the bottom of the chart. There is whitespace between each bar.
```

</div>

## Histograms

```{python}
# | eval: true
# | output: false

import plotly.graph_objects as go

from afcharts.pio_template import pio

> 

Reviewer: Remove extra line

```suggestion
```

Alternatively, you can manually add line breaks by inserting `<br>` into the text string to control where the text is wrapped. See the y-axis label in the figure below for an example.

```{python}
# | output: false

import textwrap
import plotly.graph_objects as go

from afcharts.pio_template import pio

# Set default theme
pio.templates.default = "afcharts"

# Load the gapminder dataset from plotly.express
from plotly.express.data import gapminder

df = gapminder().query("year == 2007 & continent == 'Americas'")

top5 = df.nlargest(5, "pop")

fig = go.Figure()

fig.add_trace(
    go.Bar(
        x=top5["country"],
        y=top5["pop"] / 1e6,
    )
)

# Update layout
fig.update_layout(
    title="<br>".join(
        textwrap.wrap(
            "The U.S.A. is the most populous country in the Americas by a wide margin",
            width=40,
        )
    ),  # Plotly does not support \n you must use a <br>
    margin=dict(t=80),  # Increase top margin so the title is not clipped
    yaxis=dict(title="Population<br>in millions"),  # Plotly does not support rotating axis labels
    height=420,
)

> fig.show()<div class="chart-title">The U.S.A. is the most populous country in the Americas</div>

Reviewer: Missing triple backticks (```) after `fig.show()`. Causes an error when rendering locally.

Reviewer: This still needs fixing

</div>

### Adding a horizontal or vertical line

To add a horizontal or vertical line across the whole plot, use `add_hline()` or `add_vline()` respectively. Annotating the line can be achieved using `annotation_text` argument. This can be useful to highlight a threshold or average level.  

```{python}
# | output: false

import plotly.graph_objects as go

from afcharts.pio_template import pio

# Set default theme
pio.templates.default = "afcharts"

# Load the gapminder dataset from plotly.express
from plotly.express.data import gapminder

df = gapminder().query("country == 'United Kingdom'")

# Create figure
fig = go.Figure()

# Add a trace
fig.add_trace(
    go.Scatter(
        x=df["year"],
        y=df["lifeExp"],
        mode="lines",
        name="United Kingdom",
        text=df["country"],
    )
)

# Add a dotted horizontal line for 70 years of age
fig.add_hline(
    y=70,
    line_dash="dash",  # dashed line
    line_color="gray",  # gray color
    annotation_text="Age 70",  # label
    annotation_position="top right",

>     annotation_font_size=10,

Reviewer: Could you increase the font size here to 14, and the matplotlib version to 12?

I realise these are different values, but they look similar on my screen at least. Perhaps Plotly and matplotlib have different default DPI
